Final Project Explanation:

Structure:
   Mainly consist of two parts, a card game(without gui) and some tkinter gui part. 
   The latter one is written with the help of documents(you can find website within the comments) 
   I didn't rely on any exist codes for the card game part, 
   instead I improve the card game and think of some function extensions.  

card game rules:
   An extension of "24-points-game", seeing whose sum(cards) is closer to goal.
   Only computer and player play the game.
   First, player set a goal;
   Next, computer randomly arrange cards, initially four cards in player' and computers' hand.
   Then, computer randomly choose who takes the first turn to make movements.
   After that, Computer and player make movements in turn.

   Movement:
     For computer and player:
      three movement are included normally: draw, discard, end
         draw means draw one card randomly from untouched cards.
         discard means discard one card by choice from held cards.(player only enter rank)
         end is used when sum(cards) is close to the goal, and to give up future movements.

     For player specially:
      two special movements are included: quit, reset
         input quit to quit at any time,and computer will ask you whether to play again
         reset is used, for example, you choose to discard, and computer asks you which card to discard, 
               and suddenly you want to draw instead of discard, so you can input reset
         *besides, if there are two cards of the same rank, computer will ask which suit you want to discard

   When to end:
     if computer or player choose to give up future movement
     if computer or player sum(cards) exceed goal
     if there's no more card to draw from
     if player input quit
     if player evily discard all cards from his hand

   How to judge the winner:
     The one whose score is closer to 0 is the winner of this round.
     A total score of many rounds will be given at the end.

   How to calculate the score:
      if sum(cards)<goal, score is goal-sum(cards)
      if sum(cards)>goal, there will be a penalty, score is sum(cards)-goal
      if the held cards are all same color, there will be a bonus, score=score/3
      if player evily discard all held cards to achieve better score, a huge penalty will be added, score=score+1000

   Computer's algorithm:
      if there is large distance between sum(cards) and goal, computer continue drawing
      if this distance <2, or distance <5 but <5distance(player)<10, computer choose to end
      if 2<distance<10,computer discard one card
         because of the same color bonus,
         computer always discard the minimum card from the minority color

   What is in the file(.txt):
      game time,
      record each movement of computer and player
      record how long it lasts
      record the final score of each round and total final score

   Whats' more...:
      I have defined two my errors: illegalmove and nonexist
      I have also tested for all possible bugs
      you can input anything you like, and the program will not breakup and go on looping properly.


About GUI:
   first, you do not need to change the file path by hand, the tkinter will ask you to open a txt
      * attention: you should execute this program to "play again?" and you input no, otherwise there will be nothing in the text
   second, there will be some simple directions at the beginning using messagebox
   last, each time you complete a round of game, computer will ask you relax or not, if you choose yes, you will go into the prize drawer 


     
   